Add CLI doc page for dumping and uploading cluster wide secrets. (#373)
portworx/pxdocs: content/reference/CLI/dump-upload-cluster-wide-secret.md

---
title: Dump and Upload cluster-wide secrets
linkTitle: Dump and Upload cluster-wide secrets
keywords: portworx, pxctl, command-line tool, cli, reference, alerts, monitoring, encrypted-volumes, encryption, secrets
description: Migrate cluster-wide secrets used for encrypting volumes between clusters. 
weight: 18
---

> _Portworx_ provides the capability to encrypt volumes using cluster-wide secrets. Cluster-wide secret is a unique secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Portworx_ provides the capability to encrypt volumes using cluster-wide secrets. A cluster-wide secret is a unique secret
```

> for a cluster that can be used as a default key for encrypting your volumes. However this poses a problem while migrating 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a cluster that can be used as a default key for encrypting your volumes. However, this poses a problem while migrating 
```

such volumes across clusters. The destination cluster needs to have the same cluster-wide secret in order to use the
migrated encrypted volume.

The following set of commands will help you dump the cluster-wide secret from one cluster and upload the same secret to
a different cluster. Once the cluster-wide secret is uploaded to the destination cluster, encrypted volumes using the cluster-wide
secret can be migrated to the destination cluster.

### Dumping cluster-wide secret

> To dump the cluster-wide secret run the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to dump the cluster-wide secret:
```

```text
pxctl secrets  dump-cluster-wide-secret
```

```output

> Following are the details about the cluster-wide secret for this cluster:

Reviewer: Is this part of the output? or is the output tag misplaced?

```suggestion
The following example provides details the cluster-wide secret for this cluster:
```

Author: It is a part of the output.

> Secret ID (--secret_id): shailvitest

Reviewer 2: demotest

> Secret ID (--secret_id): shailvitest

Author: ```suggestion
Secret ID (--secret_id): demo_secret_id
```

Secret value (--secret_value): AQIDAHiFBNOMzjedxcurzMsjimuzjkzzx99/lUtayeBPH38SNAF5duc4foWsMAGBmsjOvLPtAAAAfjB8BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagbzBtAgEAMGgGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMZ9WsX37ZmWVPIjsEAgEQgDs+UIl5k3AK4JxpX4uiw1qQbGwBuGALKIL7rYN8k5daq0q3xnz+EXs8PFltmkNbZGcGfkKelIS2Z5dYhA==

> On the destination cluster run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command on the destination cluster:
```

>  /opt/pwx/bin/pxctl secrets upload-cluster-wide-secret --secret_id shailvitest --secret_value AQIDAHiFBNOMzjedxcurzMsjimuzjkzzx99/lUtayeBPH38SNAF5duc4foWsMAGBmsjOvLPtAAAAfjB8BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagbzBtAgEAMGgGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMZ9WsX37ZmWVPIjsEAgEQgDs+UIl5k3AK4JxpX4uiw1qQbGwBuGALKIL7rYN8k5daq0q3xnz+EXs8PFltmkNbZGcGfkKelIS2Z5dYhA==

Reviewer 2: Please rename the id to something like demo

>  /opt/pwx/bin/pxctl secrets upload-cluster-wide-secret --secret_id shailvitest --secret_value AQIDAHiFBNOMzjedxcurzMsjimuzjkzzx99/lUtayeBPH38SNAF5duc4foWsMAGBmsjOvLPtAAAAfjB8BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagbzBtAgEAMGgGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMZ9WsX37ZmWVPIjsEAgEQgDs+UIl5k3AK4JxpX4uiw1qQbGwBuGALKIL7rYN8k5daq0q3xnz+EXs8PFltmkNbZGcGfkKelIS2Z5dYhA==

Author: ```suggestion
 /opt/pwx/bin/pxctl secrets upload-cluster-wide-secret --secret_id demo_secret_id --secret_value AQIDAHiFBNOMzjedxcurzMsjimuzjkzzx99/lUtayeBPH38SNAF5duc4foWsMAGBmsjOvLPtAAAAfjB8BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagbzBtAgEAMGgGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMZ9WsX37ZmWVPIjsEAgEQgDs+UIl5k3AK4JxpX4uiw1qQbGwBuGALKIL7rYN8k5daq0q3xnz+EXs8PFltmkNbZGcGfkKelIS2Z5dYhA==
```

```

> The _dump_ command also spits out the corresponding upload command that needs to be executed on the destination cluster.

Reviewer: Is there an example of the `dump` command's syntax? I'm not seeing it. 
```suggestion
The `dump` command also spits out the corresponding upload command that needs to be executed on the destination cluster.
```

### Upload cluster-wide secret

> Use the command from the output of the `dump-cluster-wide-secret` command on the destination cluster to upload the cluster-wide secret

Reviewer: Is this correct? I'm trying to add clarity to the command that results from the dump command.

```suggestion
The `dump-cluster-wide-secret` command outputs an `upload-cluster-wide-secret` command. Use this command on the destination cluster to upload the cluster-wide secret:
```

```text

> pxctl secrets upload-cluster-wide-secret --secret_id shailvitest --secret_value AQIDAHiFBNOMzjedxcurzMsjimuzjkzzx99/lUtayeBPH38SNAF5duc4foWsMAGBmsjOvLPtAAAAfjB8BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagbzBtAgEAMGgGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMZ9WsX37ZmWVPIjsEAgEQgDs+UIl5k3AK4JxpX4uiw1qQbGwBuGALKIL7rYN8k5daq0q3xnz+EXs8PFltmkNbZGcGfkKelIS2Z5dYhA==

Reviewer 2: change the names here too

> pxctl secrets upload-cluster-wide-secret --secret_id shailvitest --secret_value AQIDAHiFBNOMzjedxcurzMsjimuzjkzzx99/lUtayeBPH38SNAF5duc4foWsMAGBmsjOvLPtAAAAfjB8BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagbzBtAgEAMGgGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMZ9WsX37ZmWVPIjsEAgEQgDs+UIl5k3AK4JxpX4uiw1qQbGwBuGALKIL7rYN8k5daq0q3xnz+EXs8PFltmkNbZGcGfkKelIS2Z5dYhA==

Author: ```suggestion
pxctl secrets upload-cluster-wide-secret --secret_id demo_secret_id --secret_value AQIDAHiFBNOMzjedxcurzMsjimuzjkzzx99/lUtayeBPH38SNAF5duc4foWsMAGBmsjOvLPtAAAAfjB8BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagbzBtAgEAMGgGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMZ9WsX37ZmWVPIjsEAgEQgDs+UIl5k3AK4JxpX4uiw1qQbGwBuGALKIL7rYN8k5daq0q3xnz+EXs8PFltmkNbZGcGfkKelIS2Z5dYhA==
```
